>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC]
And I think many people
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>> GEORGE NOORY:
Well, hello friends,
and welcome to "Beyond Belief."
We deal with a number of
subjects on this program--
all kinds of different
issues, inspirational shows,
cutting-edge science
programs, ghostly shows.
But there's one
topic, one topic,
that always has fascinated me.
And that's the
subject of angels.
What are they, who are
they, and how does it work?
Well, we've got an expert
on angels with us--
Radleigh Valentine-- noted
author and researcher,
does his own programs.
Welcome to "Beyond
Belief," Radleigh.
Always a pleasure.
>> RADLEIGH VALENTINE:
Thank you, George.
Good to see you.
>> GEORGE: You're writing and
doing research with Doreen
Virtue on a number of things,
and these are like angel tarot
cards--
>> RADLEIGH: They are.
>> GEORGE: Which we'll
talk about and stuff.
But tell me about you.
How did you get interested
in the angelic realm?
>> RADLEIGH: I was always sort
of the kid with something extra
when I was growing up, so I had
that little psychic edge when I
was a child.
And I was very,
very blessed to have
a mom who supported
that, who really
wanted me to experience it.
And so as I got
older, I just started
realizing that the energies
that I were feeling around me
were angels.
And I met my guardian angel.
And who-- whose name
is Joshua, and with me
as we speak, and
everywhere I go.
>> GEORGE: Hello, Joshua.
>> RADLEIGH: That's right.
He says hello back.
>> GEORGE: Do I have
one around here?
>> RADLEIGH: You do,
you absolutely do.
You actually have
several, because I
think that people
like you who are
out in the eye of the public
so much have extra angels.
>> GEORGE: We need that.
>> RADLEIGH: You do.
You do need that.
So I got very
interested in angels,
and I started hanging paintings
all over my house of angels,
and talking to Josh,
and learning about him.
And then one day, I
met Doreen Virtue.
And took a class with her.
>> GEORGE: An angel by herself.
>> RADLEIGH: She is
an angel by herself.
She is, and a very
dear friend now.
But when I met her, I actually
didn't even know who she was.
Someone just said, "You
should take her angel therapy
practitioner class."
And so I went into the class.
And right from the
very beginning,
I did this reading with
the angels for a woman
that I had never met.
And that was glee for me.
That was bliss.
That was the first moment
where I knew I could do this.
>> GEORGE: It flipped
a switch in you.
>> RADLEIGH: The switch flipped.
I mean, I wanted to dance.
I wanted to sing.
I was so happy in
that moment that I
didn't know what
to do with myself.
But there are 15
primary archangels
that most people work with.
And Doreen did this
meditation where
she was bringing in each
of the 15 archangels.
And it was funny, because I
had had such a fabulous week,
and everything
had been electric.
And this experience for
me was just sort of dead.
She was bringing in
all these angels,
and she was bringing
them in alphabetically.
And nothing was
happening for me.
And she got to archangel
Uriel, and the room just
flashed into gold light.
Glitter was all over the floor.
It was like angels were singing.
And I was like, "Oh,
I finally clicked in!"
And then she brought
in archangel Zadkiel
and it all went dead.
And that's when I knew
that archangel Uriel was
going to be my
primary archangel.
And as that weekend progressed,
every single card that I pulled
had archangel Uriel on it.
And people, by the
end of the week,
everybody was just laughing.
But that's how I really
got really into angels.
What a lot of
people don't know is
that I'm actually a recovering
certified public accountant.
I was CPA.
>> GEORGE: You're the
product of the Devil.
>> RADLEIGH: I am.
I was a CPA.
And I left all that
to do this full time.
Because this is what I love.
This is what I love.
>> GEORGE: It's changed
your life, hasn't it?
>> RADLEIGH: It did.
And the tarot connection
came because my teacher--
I was growing up in
Knoxville, Tennessee.
There were not a lot of angel--
>> GEORGE: No, no.
>> RADLEIGH: There weren't
when I was growing up.
But I found a teacher, and she
taught both angels and tarot.
So it was a natural
connection for me.
>> GEORGE: Now, when you talk,
Radleigh, about archangels,
they are-- based on what
I think I've been taught--
on the higher plane
of the angelic realm.
Are they not?
>> RADLEIGH: Well, there's
actually nine realms of angels.
And the one closest to us
is our guardian angels.
And the next level up from
that are the archangels.
Because their purpose is
to be messengers from God.
Their purpose is to--
>> GEORGE: So there's
higher than them?
>> RADLEIGH: Oh yes.
There are seven levels
higher than them.
And the archangels' purpose
is to help us through life,
to guide us through life.
But the thing is,
you have to ask.
It's sort of like that whole
Star Trek non-intervention rule
where you-- but you
have to ask the angels.
If you ask them for their
help, then you'll get answers.
You'll get signs--
wonderful signs will happen.
The archangels also--
people sort of think
of them as being the type
of angels that you only
call in an emergency.
But really, that's not true.
I mean, it's like they want
to help with everything,
because they can be
everywhere simultaneously.
>> GEORGE: Now where's
Michael on that pecking order?
>> RADLEIGH: He is the
head of the archangels.
And people really, really
get in tune with Michael,
because their interest--
because he's for protection.
One of the things
he does is he's
the Patron Saint of the police.
And he carries the
golden sword of light
in order to keep people safe,
and make people feel protected.
He's also the archangel
that people call upon
for, what is my life
purpose, career?
Which in this day and age, is
a really big issue right now.
People are very concerned
about that issue after what
we went through
in 2007 and 2008.
A lot of people were disrupted.
And so they're, like--
>> GEORGE: They're
still disrupted.
>> RADLEIGH: They're
And they can ask for
help from the angels,
and from their guardian angels.
You cannot pull an archangel
away from an emergency,
because they can simultaneously
be in all places.
So you can ask archangel
Michael to make you feel safe
as you walk down the street
in a neighborhood that's
unfamiliar to you, because
at the exact same moment,
he's rescuing somebody from
being harmed in a terrible way
somewhere else.
>> GEORGE: Every
Christmas night,
I run a little clip
on my "Coast to Coast"
radio show called "A
Letter from Michael."
And it has to do with an episode
during World War II where
a soldier was in a very
precarious situation.
And he's got this
story from Michael
that he's written this
letter back to his mother.
And it's an amazing clip done
by an old-time radio broadcaster
Lee Allan about the
power of this angel.
And when you ask for
help, they come and help.
I got to ask you-- this--
don't strike me down--
but Satan was an angel, Lucifer.
>> RADLEIGH: Yes.
>> GEORGE: He was an angel.
>> GEORGE: What the
heck happened to him?
>> RADLEIGH: Well, I mean
there's a lot of debate about
that.
And in my belief system, he
wasn't really ever an angel.
He was a spirit of some sort.
>> GEORGE: Of evil.
>> RADLEIGH: Of evil, yes.
But I don't believe in
angels that are fallen.
I don't believe in dark angels.
In my experience, angels
are only facets of God.
If you could think
of a diamond that
has all these different facets--
well, the diamond is God,
but each facet is an angel.
And you can't have a
piece of that fall off
and become something else.
It doesn't just fall off and
turn into carbon or something.
It is a diamond.
So I actually don't believe
in the fallen angels.
I don't believe in dark angels.
I've never experienced one.
>> GEORGE: Could be a great
story that religion created?
>> RADLEIGH: I think it's a
story that religion created.
Religion created
a lot of stories,
a lot of stories that
were meant to help
them be empowered
over the people.
And Satan's a great
story for that.
I just don't really believe in
that, because I don't believe--
>> GEORGE: But you
believe in evil, right?
>> RADLEIGH: I do.
I believe in evil.
I believe in evil here on Earth.
I believe that there is evil.
Mankind is evil in
its ways, and in its--
>> GEORGE: We see it every day.
>> RADLEIGH: We
see it every day.
I believe that
there are people who
can get stuck between worlds,
for sure, because they have
unfinished business
here or something,
or they were addicted
to substances,
and they don't want to walk
away from those substances.
And so they're stuck here.
But to be honest
with you, George,
I don't really believe in Hell.
I don't.
I mean, I think
that when we die,
eventually, eventually,
there's only one place to go.
And it's Heaven.
>> GEORGE: Do you
believe in reincarnation?
>> RADLEIGH: I do.
I do, I think we come back.
I do, I really do.
>> GEORGE: To become perfect
over, and over and over?
>> RADLEIGH: I think this is
the biggest amusement park ride,
and we just don't know it.
Because we're caught in the
moments where it's negative,
or we're caught in
the moments where
it's difficult and challenging.
But I think that when
we go back to Heaven,
we're, like, chomping at
the bit to get back to Earth
again, because it's
such a wild ride.
And people don't know that.
They miss that.
When I sign off of my
radio show every week,
I always end it with,
"Remember, life is magic."
Because it is.
>> GEORGE: It is magic.
>> RADLEIGH: It is magic.
And it's what we make of
it that makes it magic.
>> GEORGE: You got
involved with tarot cards.
Tell me about that, how that
happened, what are they?
>> RADLEIGH: Sure.
I love tarot cards.
I consider them to be a way
to communicate with God, a way
to communicate with angels.
Tarot is 78 cards
with five suits.
If you were to take out
the major arcana, which
is the 21 cards on the top,
it would look very much to you
like playing cards,
because it's 56 cards.
And it's ace
through 10, and it's
the page, the knight,
the queen, the king.
And actually, tarot, as
far back as we can go,
which is about 600
years, was originally
a parlor game like bridge.
>> GEORGE: Something
for them to do.
They didn't have television.
They didn't have radio.
They didn't have video games.
>> RADLEIGH: But they had this.
>> GEORGE: They had
to do something.
>> RADLEIGH: That's right.
They had this.
And so the major
arcana was considered
a bunch of trump cards to
play over the 56 basic cards.
And even as far
back as when tarot
was being created
in northern Italy,
we had evidence that people
were using regular playing
cards for divinatory purposes.
So it's not crazy to
believe that tarot
was used for divinatory
purposes all the way back then,
but most of our evidence
of when this started
to turn into some sort of
language with the divine
happens around the 1800s.
And that's when England and
France got really, really
into the whole concept of
spiritualism and ghosts,
and occult, and
things like that.
So what happened to make tarot
kind of get the reputation that
it has or had was that a man
by the name of Ghibelline--
he was French--
>> GEORGE: A
Frenchman, no doubt.
>> RADLEIGH: Yes, of
course, of course.
Well, actually he
was Swiss, but he
moved to France
shortly thereafter
and changed his name.
So he started walking
around telling everybody
that these came
from ancient Egypt,
and that he could read the
hieroglyphics in ancient Egypt,
and that they had secret
messages that were only
meant for certain
special people.
>> GEORGE: And they
all believed him.
>> RADLEIGH: Oh, the story
ran wild through Paris.
I mean, everybody bought it.
>> GEORGE: Now, the tarot
cards that I know of, the death
and all that-- are those
the same as the angel cards,
or are they different?
>> RADLEIGH: Well, what we
did was we made a change.
We did make a change.
What we did was we
wanted our decks of cards
to be accessible to people.
We wanted people to feel
like they were safe.
>> GEORGE: And not
dealing with the occult.
>> RADLEIGH: And not
dealing with the occult,
because that's not really
what tarot was supposed to be
anyway.
It's just the
reputation it wound up
with due to many reasons.
And so what we did was we
took the Devil card out,
but we replaced it with Ego,
because the Devil card never
meant that some
guy in a red suit
was going to be
chasing after you.
It didn't mean that you were
going to be possessed by Satan.
That card meant that you were
being trapped by your own ego,
by your own--
>> GEORGE: Internal.
>> RADLEIGH:
Internal challenges--
thank you for helping
me get past that--
your own internal challenges.
Your imprisonment was false.
It's an illusion.
Death never means
death in tarot,
and yet every time that
card hits the table--
>> GEORGE: Oh, it scares
you to death, literally.
That's how you die.
You see the Death card and die.
>> RADLEIGH: That's
exactly right.
You've got-- I've
got a client who
is bringing in a brown paper
bag as soon as that happens.
But Death doesn't
mean physical death.
It means the ending, an
ending of a situation, perhaps
a situation that we
want to be over with.
>> GEORGE: Can we do a
little reading for me?
>> RADLEIGH: Oh absolutely.
I would love to.
>> GEORGE: I'll let
you do what we do.
>> RADLEIGH: All right.
>> GEORGE: You tell
me what we do, and--
>> RADLEIGH: All
right, let's do that.
>> GEORGE: We'll hold the cards
up to the camera when you do
it.
>> RADLEIGH: Sure.
>> GEORGE: Will this
be enlightening for me?
>> RADLEIGH: I hope so.
>> GEORGE: OK.
>> RADLEIGH: Is there something
in particular you want me
to ask about?
>> GEORGE: Now, do I need
to ask you something,
or do you just tell
me about things?
>> RADLEIGH: People
do it different ways.
>> GEORGE: I'll let you
just tell me about me.
>> RADLEIGH: Sure, why not.
Let's just do that.
>> GEORGE: Those are
thick-looking cards.
>> RADLEIGH: Well,
there's 78 tarot cards.
>> GEORGE: What's
it supposed to do?
What's it supposed to tell me?
>> RADLEIGH: I think it's, well,
most people call in or if they
come for a reading, they have
something that they really want
to know about.
And the top three that
people really care about
are-- they care about
relationships, finances,
and health.
Excellent.
>> GEORGE: Bingo.
>> RADLEIGH: Exactly, exactly--
that's the main three things
that people care about.
So usually, and because
my last name is Valentine,
I have a tendency to get
relationship questions
on my show, and stuff like that.
But career has been really
big for the last few years,
for obvious reasons.
So usually people call in,
they say, "Can you just tell me
when I'm going to
meet my soul mate,"
or "I really want this job.
Am I going to get it? " But
people do sometimes just call
and say, "Just tell me what
the angels want me to know."
>> GEORGE: OK, And
then how does it work?
Because you're selecting the
card, not the individual.
How does that work?
>> RADLEIGH: Well, that's
because my energy is infused
into the cards,
and so I believe--
as does Doreen
Virtue, my mentor,
that we should keep our
cards completely clean,
because otherwise everybody
else is putting their energy
into the cards.
But this is law of attraction.
That's why it can't
be done wrong.
>> GEORGE: If I touch
it will anything happen?
Will I spoil it?
>> RADLEIGH: You won't spoil it.
>> GEORGE: You're
not going to hit me?
>> RADLEIGH: No.
OK.
So it's law of attraction.
So the perfect cards
are going to come out
for whatever the question is.
And because I have this
accounting background,
and numbers really matter
to me, I hear in my head
the number of times to shuffle.
So once I get the question,
I'll hear, like, three.
And so I'll shuffle three
times, and then pull cards.
>> GEORGE: What if the question
has to do with world events
or episodes like that?
Can that be done?
>> RADLEIGH: Sure,
absolutely it can be done.
We can ask about world
events, and if I'm
going to do a reading
that's for somebody else,
like if someone
comes in and says,
"Can you do a reading
for my cousin Nate?"
Then I kind of go within
and ask the angels,
"Is this OK with cousin Nate?"
>> GEORGE: Right
>> RADLEIGH: And 90% of the
time, it's OK with cousin Nate.
>> GEORGE: Do you need to be
tuned in to the cousin Nate
at all?
>> RADLEIGH: I just ask my
angels, and they tell me.
>> GEORGE: Let them do this.
>> RADLEIGH: That's
my connection.
>> GEORGE: OK, so who's
basically passing this
information on to us?
Is it the angel that's doing it?
>> RADLEIGH: For
me, it's my angels.
It's like it's all a facet
of God, like I said before.
So we're talking to God.
The angels are
messengers of God.
And we are partially,
we're part of God.
I believe that firmly.
I believe firmly that
when God created mankind,
it was like throwing
a rock into the ocean.
And all those little
drops of water
that went flying
out-- that's us.
That's why there's nowhere else
for us to go but back to God.
>> GEORGE: OK, well,
let's give it a try.
And tell us what you're
doing as you do this.
>> RADLEIGH: What I'm doing
is I'm asking my angels,
what is the most important thing
that I can tell George right
now that would be of use to him.
>> GEORGE: All right.
Shuffling the cards does what?
>> RADLEIGH: Shuffling
allows the cards to get
into the proper order,
so that when I pull them,
it's the three-- because I'm
going to pull three for you.
>> GEORGE: Can anybody
learn how to do this?
>> RADLEIGH: Absolutely.
One of the reasons that--
I'll tell you in a moment.
This is Eight of Fire.
This says that George has
way too much stuff going on.
All right?
>> GEORGE: OK.
>> RADLEIGH: And one of
the things that we did--
>> GEORGE: That may not be bad.
>> RADLEIGH: No, actually,
I like Eight of Fire,
because there's another card in
the deck that is too much going
on, and it doesn't
feel very good.
All right?
>> GEORGE: Eight of Fire.
>> RADLEIGH: Eight of Fire.
But this card is-- great.
Like, this could represent
my life as well right now,
because I have so much going
on I don't know what to do.
>> GEORGE: Well,
I agree with that.
>> RADLEIGH: And I love it.
>> GEORGE: I do have a lot
going on, and I thrive on it.
But I do have a lot going on.
I mean, there are sometimes
I will say gosh, George,
you're just doing too much.
Slow down.
But I can't.
And I won't.
>> RADLEIGH: And you shouldn't.
>> GEORGE: And it's accurate.
>> RADLEIGH: Yeah,
and you shouldn't.
This is the wheel.
This means you're traveling.
>> GEORGE: Oh, there's
no doubt about that.
The wheel should have
an airplane engine,
a car-- you name it.
>> RADLEIGH: Planes,
trains and automobiles.
It's also, George, a
card of really good luck,
because every tarot card has an
astrological attribution to it,
and this one is Jupiter.
And Jupiter is expansive.
It's the biggest planet.
It's good luck.
So that's a good thing.
>> GEORGE: And it coincides
with doing too much.
>> RADLEIGH: It does.
>> GEORGE: And now should
we have a drum roll?
Is this my last card?
>> RADLEIGH: This is your
last card for right now.
This is Seven of Fire.
>> GEORGE: Seven of Fire.
What does this mean for me?
>> RADLEIGH: This means
defend your beliefs.
OK?
Don't let other people
tell you what you know
is the right thing right now.
>> GEORGE: OK.
All right, so when
I take all this,
these three things, these advice
given to you by the angels,
how do I apply it to my life?
>> RADLEIGH: Well,
what it would tell me--
how I would apply this to your
life is I would say you've got
so much going on right now, and
that you're traveling so much
that you could
actually tell some--
sort of back down on something
you really, really want,
let someone tell you what to do,
when it really isn't what you
want to do.
And so these cards give you that
heads up-- that heads up of--
>> GEORGE: Stand your ground?
>> RADLEIGH: Stand your ground.
Don't give in to what
you really, really want.
But when we're tired, you
know, it's like I'm travelling
constantly, too.
I've got 26 events this year.
In Europe and Canada-- all over.
And when we get tired, we
just start saying, OK fine.
Whatever, I don't care.
>> GEORGE: Enough is enough.
>> RADLEIGH: I don't care,
or whatever you want.
>> GEORGE: Or do
you keep taking it?
>> RADLEIGH: Do I personally?
>> GEORGE: Yeah, do you
ever turned down an event?
>> RADLEIGH: No.
No, I'm like--
>> GEORGE: I do.
>> RADLEIGH: Do you?
Good for you.
>> GEORGE: Yeah, I do.
>> RADLEIGH: Good for you.
I, no, I kind of
don't at this point,
because the main thing that
matters to me in my life right
now is teaching.
That is the main
thing that matters.
This was taken by a
bunch of crazy people,
and turned into something scary.
And that breaks my heart.
Because that's not
what this is for.
>> GEORGE: Devil,
yeah, things like that.
>> RADLEIGH: This is for--
right, and scaring people,
telling people in the
1800s and that 1900s,
that this is secret knowledge,
and only certain people can
have it.
>> GEORGE: It was great
control, wasn't it?
>> RADLEIGH: Right, just like
any kind of belief system.
There's a control element to it.
And then in the '20s and
the '30s, what did you see?
You saw gypsies throwing cards.
And it was always
the death card.
Was it ever anything else?
It was always the death card.
And so it's like what I
love, what matters more to me
than anything is when
someone comes to me says,
"I'm no longer scared of tarot."
When people come to me,
that is when I almost
start to cry because
I am so happy.
That's what I wanted.
And you ask can
anybody learn this?
Yes, because we did something
that nobody else had done.
We put the meanings of
the cards on the cards.
>> GEORGE: Almost
like a training guide.
>> RADLEIGH: Right, because
when I was learning tarot,
what I did was I bought a deck
and I used a black Sharpie,
and wrote what the card meant.
And that's how I learned.
>> GEORGE: Does the card
mean the same to everybody?
>> RADLEIGH: No,
I don't think so.
I mean, I think the
tarot has a guideline.
There's a story line to tarot,
much like a movie or something.
But we always teach people
to look where your eye falls.
And if where your
eye falls is the fact
that she's riding on a dragon,
and that means something
to you more so than the
words, always go with that.
>> GEORGE: Why three cards,
instead of five, or one?
>> RADLEIGH: It's
generally meant to be past,
present and future, or what's
dictating your life right now.
But this is actually not
the most famous spread
in all of tarot.
The most famous
spread in all of tarot
is called the Celtic Cross.
And there's 10 cards.
>> GEORGE: Ten cards in that.
>> RADLEIGH: Mhm.
There's 10 in that one.
>> GEORGE: And they each
represent something different?
>> RADLEIGH: They do.
That-- and that's a
very detailed reading.
That's when you're going
to sit down with somebody
and really get a 30-minute
or 45-minute reading,
and you want to
get lots of detail.
And that tells you
things like what's
going on in their life, what's
crossing it or affecting
their life, what's the
subconscious element, what's
the conscious element,
what from the past
affected them, what from the
future is affecting them,
how other people
are affecting them--
it gives you all of those
kinds of information.
And that is actually the most
famous tarot spread of all.
>> GEORGE: And again, is this
the angelic realm that is doing
this, that is
making this happen?
Or was this Radleigh
Valentine who
was able to feel
something within me,
and pick these three cards?
>> RADLEIGH: I believe it's
my angels talking to me,
and I believe that anybody
can talk to angels.
I believe that
anybody can do this.
I'm not saying, like, it's
like playing the piano.
I'm not saying everybody's
a concert pianist,
but anybody can play the
piano if they want to.
>> GEORGE: Even if
it's Chopsticks.
>> RADLEIGH: Even
if it's Chopsticks.
And the angelic realm is
desperate to talk to us.
They want to talk to us.
And so anybody can do that.
I believe that one of
the reasons I can do this
is because I have
such a passion for it.
I believe this is my
life purpose, which
is to take tarot
out of the darkness
and bring it into the light,
make it accessible to people,
make it a situation where
people will buy these cards
and go, "Oh, I don't have to
be afraid of this anymore.
And I can get the information
that I need from my angels,
or from my spirit guides, or
from the universe, or from God,
or whatever name
you want to give
it to make my life better."
And if we can do that,
if we can tell people
you can make your life
better, then we're
right back where you and I
were talking before-- that's
when they figure out
that life is magic.
>> GEORGE: The angelic realm.
>> RADLEIGH: The
angelic realm, yes.
>> GEORGE: Does the person
who is doing this need to be
spiritual?
>> RADLEIGH: Does the
person doing this need to be
spiritual?
Wow, that's a really
interesting question.
I think that if
you're not spiritual,
then you're not going to be open
to the answer to the question.
So I would have to say depending
on the definition of spiritual,
if that word to you means
open to hearing what
the universe has to say
to you, and they're not,
then you're not going
to get a good reading.
The only readings that I've ever
had that were really, really
unpleasant for me
were people who
came in, sat down
and went like this.
>> GEORGE: Non-believers.
>> RADLEIGH: And you could
tell that they were just there
to test me.
>> GEORGE: Right they
wanted you to screw up.
>> RADLEIGH: That's what they
wanted, and still I didn't.
But I didn't want
to talk to them.
I ended those readings.
>> GEORGE: You'd
prefer they just leave.
>> RADLEIGH: It's just,
please, let's not.
I don't want to play this game.
So I think if you're not
open, you're not open.
You're not going
to get anything.
And I also think that
the different archangels
have different abilities
to help people.
Like archangel Haniel
is known for being
archangel of psychic ability.
And so--
>> GEORGE: Can you call
on them as an individual?
>> RADLEIGH: Oh yes,
absolutely, absolutely.
Any time you want to.
I mean, and they're
that fast-- you know,
10,000 angels if you
want them that quickly.
And it does help to know which
archangel does which thing.
That is helpful for people.
But if you live in this
life, if you believe,
then the angels give
you signs all the time.
This morning, I-- just
this morning, seriously, I
woke up at 5:55 AM and 555 is
change, change in our life.
And so I went downstairs, and I
was doing some angel research.
And there was this
book, and I decided
this would be
easier on my Kindle.
So I went to Kindle and I
downloaded it onto my Kindle.
It didn't start on page
one when I opened it.
It started on the very same page
that I had in the hardbound.
>> GEORGE: You
have it all set up.
>> RADLEIGH: Which
was chapter five.
>> GEORGE: What are the
odds of that happening?
>> RADLEIGH: Right,
chapter five,
just like the 5:55 that morning.
So this morning I had messages
from archangel Samael all time
saying, "I'm helping you find
what you're looking for."
>> GEORGE: What has
been for you, Radleigh,
the most sobering, incredible
story associated with angel
tarot cards, for example?
>> RADLEIGH: Well, I think
one of my favorite stories is
a woman came to me, and she said
that she couldn't get pregnant.
She was desperate to get
pregnant, and she couldn't.
And I threw cards for
her, and in that moment
I said, "But you are pregnant."
>> GEORGE: She was
already pregnant?
>> RADLEIGH: According to
my cards, she was pregnant.
She said, "I can't be pregnant.
I took a pregnancy
test last night.
I'm not pregnant."
And I said, "Go home
and take another one."
And she called me the
next morning and said,
"I am pregnant."
>> GEORGE: Wow.
>> RADLEIGH: And then she wanted
to know the sex of the child,
which I gave her, and was right.
>> GEORGE: Those
cards are powerful.
>> RADLEIGH: They are.
Another thing I think that was
really, really powerful-- that
had to do with the cards,
but also with angels--
is a gentleman came to me and
he had never known his dad,
not ever.
And so the messages
I was getting
for him was that well,
your dad loved you,
and your dad is with you.
And you know what?
Blah, blah, blah.
I mean, it's like, where is
the validation in that for him?
I mean, anybody's going to
want to say that to him, right?
And so as he was
getting ready to leave,
archangel Uriel whispered
in my ear and said,
"He has siblings."
And I just spit it out.
I said, "You have siblings."
And he turned around, and he
looked at me and said, "Yeah."
>> GEORGE: Was he in shock?
>> RADLEIGH: Yeah, he was
like, yeah, so he knew he did,
but he hadn't told me.
And he said, "That's right."
I said, "You have a
brother and sister."
And he sat down.
He said, "That's right."
And I said, "The sister is
dead, but the brother is still
alive."
He said, "I can't find him."
>> GEORGE: Wow.
>> RADLEIGH: And I said,
"He's in a nursing home
in Australia."
>> GEORGE: Are you
almost like a medium?
>> RADLEIGH: I wouldn't say
that, because that, to me,
was just still
working with angels.
That was getting the information
from his father to give to him.
And the beautiful
thing about this
was that he flew to Australia.
He found his uncle.
He wasn't in great shape, but
because I was able to do that,
everything that I told him
about his father loving him
was validated.
>> GEORGE: Sure.
And it helped him.
>> RADLEIGH: Suddenly, in
a moment, he knew-- yeah,
my dad really does love me.
>> GEORGE: Radleigh, if people
want more information on what
you do and how to find you--
>> RADLEIGH: Yes, absolutely.
You can find me at
RadleighValentine.com.
>> GEORGE: You
better spell it out.
>> RADLEIGH: I do
have an unusual name.
It's R-A-D-L-E-I-G-H Valentine,
like Valentine's Day, dot com.
Or you can find me at Facebook
slash Radleigh Valentine.
>> GEORGE: Great.
And are you accessible?
Can people email you?
>> RADLEIGH: They can.
They absolutely can.
And we are booking-- I am
booking my events for 2015
right now.
So if people are interested,
they can do that,
and they can contact me via
Facebook by private message.
>> GEORGE: Thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>> RADLEIGH: Thank
you, George, so much.
I appreciate it.
>> GEORGE: Isn't it great,
the fact that you can utilize
special angel tarot cards like
this to determine your future,
to determine your life, all
tapped in to the angelic realm?
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."